---
templateKey: team-member
name: Roseann Bernardin
title: Certified Yoga Instructor
image: /img/20190422_120716.jpg
---
Roseann has been faithfully practicing yoga for over eight years. She washooked from her very first Bikram hot yoga class and has since evolved topracticing (and now teaching) more classical forms of yoga. She is a 200hr RYT trained in Annie Carpenter's Smartflow Yoga. She is passionate about sharing how yoga has changed her life, both on and off the mat. The amazing journey of yoga has helped her integrate all aspects of her life (body, mind and spirit) together and has given her a huge positive shift in life perspective. Shewas originally trained as a Community Health Educator and holds a BS in Health Science from Cal State Long Beach. Back in the 90's she worked for PacifiCare HMO as a Community Health Education Specialist before going on maternity leave. Roseann stayed at home full time to raise both her sons (Blake 26 & Jordan 24). Her oldest son was diagnosed with moderate to severe autism, giving Roseann the necessary experience as well as empathy to serve as a Special Education Instructional Assistant. Many years later, she returned to work in that capacity for Saddleback Valley Unified School District. While engaging those challenges, Roseann found that yoga gave her a way to address the stresses of everyday life and her particular challenges of raising a special-needs child. Yoga became a lifestyle that gave Roseann renewed energy and a shift in her perspective leading to well-being and a sense of peace. In 2016 she felt led to leave her special education position to pursue a career in her firstlove, teaching yoga. Roseann resides in Trabuco Canyon with her husband of 32 years, Mike. She is excited to meet all of you and help you on your journey of integrating mindful breath and movement. Come and explore with her, how yoga can personally change your life too.
